[SAASINT-3804] Updated Plaid Assets PR (#20077)
DataDog/integrations-core: plaid/README.md

### Configuration

Configure the Datadog endpoint to forward Plaid logs to Datadog.

> 1. Log in to [Plaid Dashboard](https://dashboard.plaid.com/)

Reviewer: Can you move this link to the bottom of the page?

Author: Updated.

> 1. Log in to [Plaid Dashboard](https://dashboard.plaid.com/)
> 2. Navigate to the **Developers** section in the left pane.
> 3. Extend the drop-down menu and click on **Keys** 
> 4. Obtain the client_id and Secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to [Plaid Dashboard](https://dashboard.plaid.com/)
2. In the left pane, go to the **Developers** section.
3. Expand the drop-down menu and select **Keys** 
4. Retrieve your `client_id` and `secret`.
```

#### To obtain Access Token, follow these steps:

>    1. **Get institution_id from Plaid**:  
>       Hit Plaid API **/institutions/get** endpoint to obtain institution_id. Reference [link](https://plaid.com/docs/api/institutions/#institutionsget) 
>    2. **Create a Public Token**:  
>       You will need to create a public token. Use the institution_id that you retrieved from Step 1 and hit **/public_token/create** endpoint. Reference  [link](https://plaid.com/docs/api/sandbox/#sandboxpublic_tokencreate) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [**Retrieve the `institution_id` from Plaid**](https://plaid.com/docs/api/institutions/#institutionsget) :  
    Use the Plaid API's **/institutions/get** endpoint to fetch the `institution_id`.
2. [**Create a Public Token**](https://plaid.com/docs/api/sandbox/#sandboxpublic_tokencreate):  
    Create a public token by using the `institution_id` that you retrieved from Step 1 and hit **/public_token/create** endpoint.
```

Reviewer: Can you move these links to the bottom of the page. these should be formatted like this:
[**Retrieve the `institution_id` from Plaid**][#] - replace `#` with the link number.

>    3. **Obtain the Access token**:  
>       Now, use the public_token you obtained from Step 2 to exchange it for an access_token. Send the public_token to this **/item/public_token/** exchange . Reference [link](https://plaid.com/docs/api/items/#itempublic_tokenexchange) 
> 
> 
>    4. **Store the Access Token Securely**:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [**Obtain the Access token**](https://plaid.com/docs/api/items/#itempublic_tokenexchange):  
    Use the `public_token` you obtained from Step 2 to exchange it for an `access_token`. Send the `public_token` to the **/item/public_token/** exchange.
4. **Store the Access Token Securely**:  
```

>       
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| Plaid Parameters | Description |
|----------|----------|
| Client ID | Client of the Plaid account. |
| Secret | Secret of the Plaid account |
| Access Token | Access Token of the Plaid account |

## Data Collected

> The crawler will implement data collection of Plaid logs for the List of Transfer events, Recurring Transfer events, Investment transactions
> events and Auth metrics. Sensitive data are removed and sent to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Logs

The crawler collects Plaid logs, including Transfer events, Recurring Transfer events, Investment transactions, and Auth metrics. All sensitive data is removed before sending the logs to Datadog.

### Metrics

The Plaid integration does not include any metrics.

### Events

The Plaid integration does not include any events.

### Service checks

The Plaid integration does not include any service checks.
```
